Add README.md to docs (#211)
kubernetes-sigs/kernel-module-management: docs/mkdocs/index.md

# Home

## Overview

> Kernel Module Management also known as KMM is a Kubernetes operator which provides a simple way to manage, build, sign or deploy out-of-tree kernel modules, drivers or device plugins on selected nodes of an existing Kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kernel Module Management (KMM) is a Kubernetes operator that manages, builds, signs and deploys out-of-tree kernel modules and device plugins on Kubernetes clusters.
```

> Once installed we will get a Deployment object consisting of a ReplicaSet with a pod acting as a controller manager in the new Namespace `kmm-operator-system`.

Reviewer: I would remove this. If installed with OLM, the namespace is configurable, and the Deployment / ReplicaSet bits are common to most operators.
```suggestion
```

> This controller provides the use of a new Kubernetes API object called `Module` which sets if the driver image already exists and has to be loaded, if it has to be built in-cluster (a ConfigMap should be provided to get this), if it will use a device plugin and also on which nodes would be deployed as a new DaemonSet will be created for each node’s kernel version matching the settings in a DriverContainer or device plugin within the Module definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
KMM adds a new `Module` CRD which describes the desired state of an out-of-tree kernel module and its associated device plugin. `Module` resources contain fields that configure how to load the module, associates ModuleLoader images with kernel versions, and optionally instructions to build and sign modules for specific kernel versions.
KMM is designed to accomodate several kernel versions at once for any kernel module, allowing for seamless node upgrades and reduced application downtime.
```
